Update Installation-iOS.md for legacy dependencies (#66)
theos/theos.dev: docs/Installation-iOS.md

	* iOS 12.0 or later:
		* [Procursus](https://apt.procurs.us/) or [Bingner/Elucubratus](https://apt.bingner.com/) (this depends on the jailbreak you are using)
	* Prior to iOS 12.0:
		* [Sam Bingner's repo](https://repo.bingner.com/) and [BigBoss](http://apt.thebigboss.org/repofiles/cydia/)

> 		* Also check to ensure the non-(lib) (i.e., commandline tool) of APT is installed (e.g., APT 0.7 Strict on iOS 8)

Reviewer: Looks great! Since `apt` is provided by https://www.ios-repo-updates.com/repository/cydia-telesphoreo/package/apt7/ on older builds, I think this may be better generalized:
```suggestion
		* Also check to ensure `apt` (i.e., the command-line tool of APT) is installed 
```
